todo-wilduck.md, before:

- [*] Fetch Banners from api
- [*] Can’t go to login if logined
- [*] Dont’t redirect to login if not logined keep him on home page
- [*] Verify page make it with string and date or any other fast way to verify if user coming from send otp to verify account or otp to change password
- [*] On Click on ad go to view Ad Details [ note: scroll resortation ]
- [ ] Update profile can update my info
- [*] Handle Empty Wishlist and My Ads and with languages and add button to add ad when empty
- [*] login/signup page direction on language
- [ ] Create Ad from profile With ad new Components based on Categories ids (long one)
- [ ] View Ad get values from ad components multi features if there is any (long one)
- [ ] Edit Ad Form and delete Ad (long one)
- [ ] Add button to make ad premium and when he must choose package and packages from route and when select one preview the price and number of days and select for payment method and it card or wallet just that
- [ ] Preview Profile Ads when click on profile in ad detail page
- [ ] Add to wishlist only when logined and can access it from wishlist in profile and can remove it also
- [ ] Search with new route from api combined and make filter work with provided params in collection and search must be fully with pagenation etc...

put # before line when its ##totally## done
Good duck,
Dude

Commit message:

feat: profile for the trader and more like auth and accound pages are done with the api

todo-wilduck.md, after:

- [*] Fetch Banners from api
- [*] create add form.
- [*] trader profile.
- [*] Can’t go to login if logined or any route like account for example
- [*] after login go back to the request route like when i go to /account it will redirect me to login after login go back to account route if found else go to / home page
- [*] Dont’t redirect to login if not logined keep him on home page even if he goes to route manually
- [ ] Verify page make it with string and date or any other fast way to verify if user coming from send otp to verify account or otp to change password
- [ ] and just for verify
- [*] check if logined or not from api so send request like getUserData and check if 403 and unauthorized dont rely on local storage and when true update user-info on localstorage
- [*] logout not working and not removing user-info from local storage
- [*] # On Click on ad go to view Ad Details
- [*] Update profile can update my info make sure its updated and also check if he edits any thing before submit
- [*] Handle Empty Wishlist and My Ads and with languages and add button to add ad when empty
- [ ] Toggle between wishlist add - remove
- [ ] check direction on every page and check language also for main keys and also when handling empty data the message in (ar - en)
- [ ] Create Ad from profile With ad new Components based on Categories ids (long one)
- [ ] View Ad get values from ad components multi features if there is any (long one)
- [ ] Edit Ad Form and delete Ad (long one)
- [ ] Search with new route from api combined and make filter work with provided params in collection and search must be fully with pagenation etc...(long)
- [ ] Add button to make ad premium and when he must choose package and packages from route and when select one preview the price and number of days and select for payment method and it card or wallet just that and when success u will get link for paymob api and u will redirect for it so he can pay and then go back for the same route he was in
- [ ] Preview Profile Ads when click on profile in ad detail page
- [ ] Add to wishlist only when logined and can access it from wishlist in profile and can remove it also
- [ ] after all run build project and fix every thing

put # before line when its ##totally## done

Good duck,
Dude
